---
title: "Basic Survival in Philippines"
categories:
  - Travel
  - Philippines
---

What I noticed while I was here:
- lots of beggars
- crossing the street is a nightmare. Pedestrians can
pretty much cross whenever they want and the
traffic will flow around them
- There's a lot of security guards, 7 Elevens,
and money exchanges.
- The infrastructure is terrible. Everything is falling apart.
- It's super hot. I was only outside for about 20 mins and I already got a tan.
- The wealth gap is really obvious especially in Manila.
- Manila itself has multiple cities. When locals speak of Manila, they mean 
Metro Manila.
- Don't drink tap water - it has too much chlorine. People buy water here.
- The Philippines is actually quite similar to Fiji though Fiji's infrastructure
looks better (though there aren't nearly as many high rises. Perhaps 
Manila expanded too quickly).
- The ladies are quite beautiful.
- The gents are quite suave.

### Transportation
To commute, download 2 apps:
- Angkas
- Grab

Angkas is available on the Philippines play store so that's a problem
since one can only change their playstore once a year. I would
suggest getting the apk file.

They have minivans that serve as buses (you'll just have to memorise the schedule).
They also have the 3 wheel motorcycles that are like taxis. They also have ordinary
taxis.

### Food
Sinigang is a Filipino soup or stew characterized by its sour and savory taste.
It is most often associated with tamarind, although it can use other sour 
fruits and leaves as the souring agent. It is one of the more popular dishes
in Filipino cuisine. The soup is usually accompanied by rice.
- I had some at Manam in Robertson Plaza

Filipinos love sweet food so most of their food are sweet.

There are tables to eat in 7 Eleven, that's really cool!

#### Restaurants
Frankie's chicken wings
- pretty good. Great to have with beer.

Jolibee
- Spaghetti as a fast food dish. Mind blowing.

Manam

