---
title: "Movies"
categories:
  - Lists
---
Table of Content

Is there a way to allocate a number to eat paragraph and sort them from highest to lowest like the IMDB rating?

## The Whale (2022)
- It's a good movie for high school students to analyse in their literature class.
- I personally did not find this a great movie for my enjoyment.

## Before Sunrise, Before Sunset, and Before Midnight Trilogy (10/10)

Absolutely amazing. Really captures the essence of love and banter.

## Everything, Everywhere, All at Once (9/10)

Great movie. Graphics resembles Doctor Strange in the way the multiverse interacts. 
Interesting concept on tackling family problems and the meaning of life 
(spoilers: treasure your loved ones and learn to appreciate the time you have with each other).

## Hercules

Ah my all time favorite!

## I love you, man (6.5/10)
Very wholesome but the concept is a little weird 

## Chef (7/10)
Very wholesome

## Mr Church (7/10)
Very wholesome

## The Terminal (7/10)
Tom Hanks, as always, very good

## Gran Torino (6/10)
I have mixed feelings about this movie but overall, I guess it's okay.

## The Adam Project
Ryan Reynolds. Pretty nice, wholesome movie.

## Hustle
Adam Saunders. Decent movie.

## The Man Who Knew Infinity
Great movie.

## The Intern (10/10)
I've rewatched this at least 3 times now - love this movie.


## Ghosted
- Haven't finished yet but so far it's looking alright. It's a nice movie to pass the time

# Movies I didn't finish
The Leftovers
A Discovery of Witches
Begin Again

# TV series that I haven't watch but the snippets from youtube look good
- Between Friendship and Love (kdrama)
- Ending Again
- Love Playlist
- Growing Season
- Girlfriend Project (available on youtube?)
- Chicago Typewriter
- Something in the rain
- Jealousy incarnate
- Doctor John
- Gaus electronics
- Love is Sweet
- Love to Hate You
- Love Designer (chinese drama)
- A business proposal
- Please feel at ease Mr Ling
- XO, Kitty (charming tv series apparently)
- 18 Again (kdrama)


# Movies that I haven't watched yet
- Cha Cha Real Smooth (2022)

# 2023 Releases that I haven't watched
- Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse
